MEET OUR STAFF
ARCHITECTURE + COMMUNITY PLANNING
Steve Suzuki, NOMA
Principal Architect, 
Steve has been with AND since 1982 beginning as a project manager, then Project Architect and eventually the Principal Architect. Between the years of 2008-2013 he served as the Executive Director of AND. A graduate of U.C. Berkeley’s Department of Architecture, he has over 30 years of professional experience on a variety of projects including low-income housing renovation, new construction, community facilities design, and supportive housing projects. Steve has served as a board member on various organizations such as Kokoro Assisted Living Inc., Japanese American Religious Federation Housing Inc., Break the Silence Coalition on Anti-Asian Violence, Nihonmachi Little Friends, the Japanese Community and Cultural Center of Northern California, and the Chinatown Beacon Center. In 2005, he was awarded a Certificate of Honor from the City and County of San Francisco's Immigrant Rights Commission.
Prescott Reavis, NOMA|LEED APISEED
Architect Project Manager
Prescott has over 20 years of experience in architecture, planning and youth engagement. Prior to AND, Prescott spent 13 years at an internationally acclaimed firm, Ashen + Allen Architects (now known as Stantec), where he was an Associate and served as the firm wide manager of internships. Prescott has spent the majority of his career focusing on the programming, planning, design and construction of buildings that enhance the community in areas of healing, learning and discovery. Prescott is LEED accredited, certified in Social Economic Environmental Design (SEED), a former national board member of the National Organization of Minority Architects (NOMA), and a founding member of The San Francisco Chapter of NOMA. Prescott has a Bachelor of Architecture with a minor in Education from Howard University and is currently pursuing a Master's of Urban Planning at San Jose State University where he is concentrating in Community Planning & Engagement.
