Design for Public Places
Much of our work involves partnering with communities to design the public realm: the parks, plazas, community gardens, open space, streets, sidewalks, and storefronts that they use on a daily basis. Our concept of “sense of place” begins with the people who live, work, and play, who make up the essence of place, and who are often left out of the city’s and developer’s decision-making process.
BART Plaza 24   
Working with the Mission Community Council and BART, AND developed a phased approach to implementation of design improvements in this busy public space. Residents were particularly concerned about promoting local arts, commercial vendor opportunities, and safety through visibility and increased usage and eyes. 
Download Plaza 24 Design (pdf)
Central Subway Chinatown Station
Through a series of multilingual participatory workshops with Chinatown tenants, youth, and seniors, AND and the Chinatown Community Development Center developed a “pattern language” approach to the design of the Chinatown Station of the proposed Central Subway, including incorporation of Feng Shui principles. The subway station study paid particular attention to the impacts and possible economic benefits on the adjoining Stockton Street commercial corridor.
Download Draft Chinatown Station Plan (pdf)
Lower Divisadero Streetscape Concept
Working with local residents and small business owners, AND, together with LISC, prepared a conceptual streetscape design showing proposed intersection and sidewalk improvements. The design concept focused on adding sidewalk space for increasing pedestrian safety and commercial opportunities. Extensive use of Photoshop visualization techniques helped community members understand and analyze different conceptual approaches.
Download Divisadero Streetscape (pdf)
SoMa Alleyways Concept  
Asian Neighborhood Design facilitated a series of participatory design workshops with residents, business owners and community-based organizations to address safety, accessibility, and livability in the historic alleyways of the South of Market residential enclaves bordering the 6th Street Redevelopment Area. Design elements included traffic calming chicanes and bulbouts, raised crosswalks, and mid-block crossings connecting the alleyways to a new local park.
