Commercial Corridor Planning
At the heart of many neighborhoods are their small commercial districts: the places where commerce and community facilities come together to define the cultural, social, and economic lifespring of a community. Working with local small merchant organizations and economic development groups, we work to help ensure the continued viability of these corridors. Our work may include economic analysis of potential land uses, analysis of retail demand and “gaps” in neighborhood and regional-serving businesses and viability of absorption of new commercial spaces; public benefits/equitable development issues; and review of strategies such as business attraction programs, tenant improvement loans, rent write-downs, marketing assistance, and visibility consulting.﻿
Lower Divisadero Commercial Corridor Report 
Beginning with a business, demographic and site conditions analysis, including business surveys and extensive GIS mapping, Asian Neighborhood Design, together with LISC, facilitated three community workshops, each attended by approximately 60 residents and business owners, and prepared a the groundwork for initiating a Neighborhood Marketplace Initiative project and bringing public infrastructure investment to the corridor.
Download Divisadero Report (pdf)
Leland/Bayshore Commercial Corridor Plan
AND teamed with Urban Solutions and LISC to lead a community planning and design process focused on the small Leland Avenue commercial corridor, in collaboration with Visitacion Valley community organizations. The community action plan outlined goals and objectives for design and physical improvements, safety and cleanliness, district promotion, and economic development. The plan resulted in the creation of a local merchant association, VVBOOM, and major public investments in street infrastructure.
Download Leland/Bayshore Plan (pdf)
Façade Improvements
AND’s Architecture program has provided design services for a variety of façade improvement programs in San Francisco’s Tenderloin, Sixth Street in SoMa, and along Third Street in the Bayview, as well as in Oakland’s San Antonio district, and published a façade improvement guidebook for the city of Oakland. The Tenderloin Façade Improvement Program, managed by community partner TNDC, received a Robert C. Friese Award for Neighborhood Conservation. Our work has often extended beyond façade improvements to tenant improvements and accessibility design critical to the success of small businesses. 
