Citywide Policy – Land Use, Housing, and Economic Development
AND’s Community Planning program work to institutionalize the local community concerns and actions we’re involved with, into broader citywide advocacy initiatives. We research and advocate for progressive planning policies that result in community-oriented planning, affordable housing, community-based economic development, and public benefits standards for San Francisco. Beyond our local alliances with the Council of Community Housing Organizations and Housing Justice, we’ve participated on various policy task forces for the city, including the Backstreets Task Force, the Bioscience Task Force, the Inclusionary Housing Technical Advisory Committee, and the Eastern Neighborhoods Community Health Impact Assessment community council.
Affordable Housing – San Francisco Historical Analysis 
This project created a comprehensive mapped inventory of affordable housing produced in San Francisco over the past three decades, with particular focus on the “Eastern Neighborhoods” where the bulk of development projects have occurred. Data was compiled on more than 400 projects dating back to 1970, laying out in one document the landscape of the city’s history of affordable housing production. Download Affordable Housing Mapping (pdf)
Public Benefits Presentation
The concept of community or public benefits has become central to much of our planning work. We believe that planning is as much a community-building process as it is about planning for development. Public Benefits refers to a range of needed community improvements that can be addressed through the land use planning and zoning process. The presentation was created to inform the Western SoMa community planning process. > Download Public Benefits slides (pdf)
Industrial Mixed-Use Zoning Analysis 
In San Francisco’s Eastern Neighborhoods, new zoning categories are being proposed to promote mixed industrial and residential uses. AND developed this short paper to spark a discussion between community advocates and Planning Dept. staff on how to guide the integration of different types of use, so that conflicts and nuisances are avoided, local-employing industrial jobs are preserved, and new development that respects the existing pattern of the working-class industrial neighborhoods is encouraged. >Download Industrial Mixed-Use Zoning (pdf)
EnterpriseHousing for Home-Based Family Businesses
Nationally the move toward self-employment and home-based work has led city planners and economic development agencies to ponder how best to support home-based workers. AND teamed up with the USF Business School to study housing designed to accommodate living and working in the same space—Enterprise Housing.Download Enterprise Housing report (pdf)
